Stinky Qin Degong is also worthy of fighting with me
I'll tell you what.
It's your sister who's haunting me to the death
I never promised to marry her.
Go away
I'm engaged to Kaikai
Your sister committed suicide
It has nothing to do with Wang Kai
Yuan Kai booked a wedding hotel with my sister in May
I will go to Iwashi Group for an internship in June
Then I met you, Yan Chengxi, the eldest lady of the Iwashi Group
It is clearly you who told Pan
Killed my sister
You scum bitches, you should spare your life
You die, you fucking die
Uh-huh.
Ah!
He is pregnant with your child
Two lives in three months?
Who knows who owns the beast in your sister's belly?
Want to sell me
annoying
seek glory and redemption
You are not allowed to go
Don't go
He's not going to die, is he?
No, I didn't see it. No matter what, he kept going.
We poor people deserve to be bullied
Can't you even get justice for complaining to death?